hi I'm Jody DiLaurentis and when it
comes to fall everyone who wants to
spend a little more time in their
kitchen cooking so I have some really
great recipes that'll make it really
easy for you affordable simple and fresh
recipes the first one one of my
favorites is butternut squash soup so
what I like to do is go to my local
farmers market or grocery store and get
a beautiful butternut squash and I like
to get the kids involved so sometimes
take them to the grocery store with you
so they can see what's available during
that time of year and really pick out
wonderful fruits and vegetables to make
so I take a butternut squash and I have
the kids the older kids use a vegetable
peeler and just peel the skins right off
of the butternut squash this is a
beautiful little swivel vegetable peeler
which makes it really easy to peel
butternut squash then for the younger
kids you can give them a spoon and it
can scoop out all the seeds you chopped
up the butternut squash some carrots and
some onion cook it down for 20 minutes a
little chicken broth and then puree the
whole thing so you get a nice smooth and
silky soup you can enjoy all week long
and just serve with it to make it a real
complete meal I like to make little
crostini my daughter loves bread so I
cut up some baguette and I put a little
cheese pop it in the oven for at 400
degrees for about 10 minutes until it's
nice and crispy then I give her the
bread and we dunk it in here and I'm
telling you it's a real winner and then
move it on to something kids love mac
and cheese well I do a little bit of a
Giada spin on mac and cheese I like to
use some fatter which is an Italian
grain which is really good for you
so makes mac and cheese even better for
you but sometimes it's hard to find so
you can always substitute with my whole
wheat penne that are available at Target
they're fantastic it makes it lighter
and really good lots of cheese nice
bread crumb crust serve it with a salad
with some of my vinaigrette and you're
good to go for dinner and then everybody
loves dessert so we've got some poached
pears
I loved pears and apples during the fall
season so what I do is I take these
beautiful pears I peel them and I make a
little poaching liquid honey cinnamon
ginger a little spiciness and after they
cook for about 20 minutes
nice and tender I serve them with the
poaching liquid and
I scream for all the kids and for a
little bit of a nice warming soothing
drink apple cider spiced up with some
cinnamon some cloves and you've got it
all all the recipes and tips are
available at target.com and all the
products are available at Target or you
can get the recipes at my cookbook